docs: add Yield Boost technical disclaimer (#1515)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/network/overview/yield-boost/risk-disclosures.mdx

In the event of a successful exploit or hack, users could lose some or all of the ETH backing Yield Boost. Such losses could be permanent, and Linea may not be able to recover or reimburse affected funds. To mitigate these threats, Yield Boost smart contracts undergo security reviews and audits, critical operations are restricted or rate-limited where possible to reduce the impact of potential exploits, and Linea maintains incident response processes and monitoring intended to detect abnormal activity and enable rapid response.

## Technical Implementation Limitations

> Yield Boost smart contracts cannot directly read live Ethereum validator staking state. Some contract behavior therefore relies on protocol-specific accounting, oracle reports, withdrawal-reserve checks, and automation-assisted flows to manage staking, unstaking, liabilities, and reserve replenishment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ethereum smart contracts cannot directly observe live validator staking state. As a result, Yield Boost relies on protocol-specific accounting, oracle reports, reserve checks, and automation-assisted flows to coordinate staking operations and track protocol state.
```

> Certain implementation patterns that may appear unusual in isolation are intentional design tradeoffs for operating with delayed or externally reported staking state. Reports submitted through Linea's bug bounty program should evaluate these behaviors against the documented Yield Boost architecture and the actual security impact to user funds, withdrawal availability, or yield accounting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain implementation patterns are intentional consequences of Yield Boost's broader system architecture and integrations with external staking infrastructure. When assessing potential security issues, researchers should consider the complete protocol design, technical specification (https://hackmd.io/@kyzooroast/Hk7DQXH6lx), audit reports (https://github.com/LFDT-Lineth/lineth-monorepo/blob/main/docs/audits.md#yield-boost-smart-contract-audits), and system-level invariants rather than evaluating individual contracts in isolation, as some behaviors are driven by protocol assumptions and integrations that are not immediately apparent from the Linea contracts alone.
```
